This application looks at various sources to aggregate the latest security vulnerabilities and
adversaries that target the following assets:

- WatchGuard Firebox
- WatchGuard VPN
- HPE Alletra Nimble Storage
- HPE ProLiant DL380 Servers
- Tripplite UPS
- Cisco IOS
- Cisco Catalyst 9500 Switches
- Cisco Catalyst 9300 Switches
- Cisco SG500
- Cisco Catalyst 3750 Switches
- Cisco Catalyst 3650 Switches
- Cisco Nexus 93810 Switches
- SolarWinds
- Oracle Database Appliances
- Veeam
- Zerto
- ConnectWise
- BitDefender
- Microsoft Teams
- Zoom
- Google Chrome
- Microsoft Edge
- Firefox
- Crestron Electronics products/software

The application displays an interactive dashboard that contains  the alerts for the above assets
if any. The application displays the historical alerts for the above assets if any. Users should see
a toggle for how far back in time they want to see the alerts. The theme should be dark with neon accent
colors to resemble a hacker-styled SOC/SIEM dashboard. Web app should pull from at least the following
sources:
cve.org
cvedetails.com 
cisa.gov (CISA Known Exploited Vulnerabilities Catalog and CISA Cybersecurity Advisories)
mitre.org
NIST.org 
Microsoft Security Blog and Bulletin
Recorded Future
CrowdStrike
Krebs on Security
Bleeping Computer
Qualys
Rapid7
Mandiant
Cloudflare
Red Hat Security Advisories
Malwarebytes
Palo Alto Networks Blog
Mozilla Foundation Security Advisories
ICS Advisories
IT Security Guru
Dark Reading
CSO Online
Cisco Talos Disclosed Vulnerability Reports
CISO Magazine
HP Wolf Security Bulletin

The application will be interactive and allow users to filter alerts by asset type, severity, and time range. The application will also allow users to view the details of each alert, including the CVE ID, CVSS score, and a link to the vulnerability details.
The dashboard at the top will show the total number of alerts for each asset type, and the number of alerts for each severity level. The dashboard will also show the top 10 vulnerabilities for each asset type.


----UPDATE 14JAN2026----

The monitoring for Zoom is not working as expected. It is currenty pulling data from sources that
mention the word Zoom but not the Zoom video conferencing product. The vulnerability monitoring
should be for the Zoom video conferencing product, not the current thing that is being monitored.

Microsoft Teams is not working as expected. It is currenty pulling data from sources that mention
the word Microsoft but not the Microsoft Teams product. The vulnerability monitoring should be for
the Microsoft Teams product, not the current thing that is being monitored. The same goes for the monitoring of Microsoft Edge, it is not pulling the proper
vulnerabilities for the Microsoft Edge browser, it is instead pulling data for many Microsoft related products like Purview, Partner Center, Playwright MCP, Microsoft
Teams Admin Center and others. The Microsoft Edge asset should only show vulnerabilities for the Microsoft Edge browser, not the other Microsoft products.

Need to rethink how we are categorizing certain asssets. It might make more sense to group all Microsoft products under a single category
and have a subcategory for the type of product. This would make it easier to filter and view the alerts for each product and ensure total coverage of all Microsoft products
that are in use. We need to monitor all Microsoft products, especially Office 365, Exchange, SharePoint, Teams, Windows Server (2012, 2016, 2019, 2022), Microsoft SQL, 
Microsoft Visual Studio, Windows 10, and Windows 11. 

The monitoring for Veeam is not working as expected. There is a vulnerability that was originally published on September 3, 2025 but was last modified on January 8, 2026
that encompasses a severe vulnerability with a CVS score of 9.0. It can be found in the NIST NVD at https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2025-59470. This means we need
to also be monitoring updated records to see if they affect existing versions of our products. Currently we are displaying no vulnerabilities for Veeam when we should be
highlighting this vulnerability.

The toggle for time range is not working as expected. Switching from 30 days, which shows multiple vulnerabilities, to 7 days, which should show fewer vulnerabilities, 
is not showing any vulnerabilities at all. It should show the vulnerabilities that were published or updated in the last 7 days. Same applies when increasing the time range
to 90 days or 1 year. It should show the vulnerabilities that were published or updated in the last 90 days or 1 year, currently it is not showing any vulnerabilities at all.

-------Update 17JAN2026-------

The next step is to implement a feature that allows users to view the proof of concept (PoC) for vulnerabilities. This will help users understand how the vulnerability works and how to prevent it.
There should also be a remediation guide for each vulnerability that explains how to fix the vulnerability. We need to also link to the remediation guide for each vulnerability, or
the workaround, depending on if a remediation is available.

-------Udate 20JAN2026-------
There are a few monitors that still aren't working.
The remediation guide link for the HPE Alletra Nimble Storage for CVE-2025-37164 is linking to a generic CISA url
for known exploited vulnerabilities. It should link to the specific CISA url for this vulnerability, if available.

Need to start thinking about how to group assets together. WatchGuard Firebox and WatchGuard VPN should be grouped together as they are both WatchGuard products but when
you click on the new WatchGuard asset, it should show all vulnerabilities for both products, with a subcategory for each product (Firebox and VPN).

Same for the HPE Alletra Nimble Storage and HPE ProLiant DL380 Servers. They should be grouped together as they are both HPE products but when you click on the new HPE asset, it should show all vulnerabilities for both products, with a subcategory for each product (Nimble Storage, DL380 Servers, or HPE software).

Cisco products should be grouped together as they are all Cisco products but when you click on the new Cisco asset, it should show all vulnerabilities for all products, with a subcategory for each product (Switches, Routers, Firewalls, Software (IOS XE, IOS XR, IOS, etc.)

Microsoft Teams is not working as expected. It is currently pulling data from sources that are for Microsoft Windows Desktop Windows Manager and another for
Microsoft Office PowerPoint. The Microsoft Teams asset should only show vulnerabilities for the Microsoft Teams product, not the other Microsoft products.
Microsoft Edge is not working as expected. It is currently pulling data from sources that are for Microsoft Windows Desktop Windows Manager and another for
Microsoft Office PowerPoint. The Microsoft Edge asset should only show vulnerabilities for the Microsoft Teams product, not the other Microsoft products.

The Crestron Electronics is pulling data from sources for something called Gogs, which is not the asset that we want to moniotr for. We are monitoring strcitly
for the Crestron Electronics asset. This asset should be monitoring for vulnerabilities for the Crestron Electronics asset which is a Tabletop Conference System from
Crestron Electronics, this include the Crestron Flex and Crestron Control.


We should have Microsoft products grouped together as they are all Microsoft products but when you click on the new Microsoft asset, it should show all vulnerabilities for all products, with a subcategory for each product (Teams, PowerPoint, Windows Manager, Visual Studio, etc.)


When we group assets that are from the same vendor, we should group them together and have a subcategory for each product. For example,
if we have a Microsoft Windows asset card and we click on it, it should have a view of all the Microsoft products we are monitoring and show groupings of the
different assets. So the workflow should be clicking on Microsoft Windows asset card brings all Microsoft Products separated into categories for Operating Systems for Windows 10, 11, Server 2012, 2016, 2019, 2022,
M365 for SharePoint, Exchange, Teams, etc. and so on for all their products.